Terms of Service
----------------

##### Last Updated: July 19, 2022

These Terms of Service (this “Agreement”) is between you and Coffee Meets Bagel, Inc. (“Coffee Meets Bagel” “we,” “us,” or “our”). By using our website, located at http://www.coffeemeetsbagel.com (“Website”), our mobile application available on Android and iOS devices (each, our “App”), and/or other services we provide (collectively, the “Services”) you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, you may not use the Services. Your use of, or participation in, certain Services may be subject to additional terms which will be presented to you when you access those Services.

##### 1\. Some initial things we want to make clear.

While all of these will be discussed in more detail below, we want to make a few important things clear up front:

* You must be at least 18 to use the Services.
* You may only create an Account for your actual self and must be truthful in what you put in it.
* We do not routinely conduct background checks or verify the identity of our Users. But we may do so as part of our fraud detection and prevention process. Methods to verify identity include, but are not limited to, self photographs (“selfies”) with identifying characteristics, and government or military issued identification cards.
* We do not guarantee anything about the Services, including the actions of our Users. We do not guarantee matches, the frequency of your matches, that you will be compatible with those you match with, or that the people you match with are safe people to meet. You must exercise your own diligence and caution in using the Services and communicating with its Users.
* You have a right in some states to cancel this Agreement within 3 business days of registering for a premium account and receive a refund of any payments to us if you do so. Please see Section 20for more details.
* Lastly, by using the Services, you are agreeing (with limited exception) to resolve any dispute between you and us through binding, individual arbitration, rather than in court. Please review Section 19below for details, including the procedure for opting out of arbitration.

##### 2\. Eligibility

* _You must be at least 18, or older if your jurisdiction requires._You must be at least 18 years old (or, if the age of majority is higher than 18 in your jurisdiction, then the age of majority in your jurisdiction) create an Account and use the Services. By creating an Account and/or using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old (or the minimum age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater).
* _You must be unattached and available._You may only use the Services if you are willing and capable of entering into a new romantic relationship and do not have an established monogamous romantic partner (“Unattached”).
* _You may not have a criminal record._You may not use the Services if you have been convicted of a felony, are required to register as a sex offender with any government entity, and/or are identified as a “Specially Designated National” (as such list may be updated from time to time, available at [https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx](https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx)). If any of the foregoing become applicable to you after you have created an Account, you must delete your Account immediately and you may no longer use the Services. We do not conduct criminal background screenings on Users. However, we reserve the right to conduct any criminal background check, at any time and using available public records, to confirm your compliance with this subsection.

##### 3\. Use of the Service

* _Creating an Account on Coffee Meets Bagel._ In order to use Coffee Meets Bagel, you must create an account with us (an “Account”) by first logging in with your Facebook account or by providing your phone number. If you choose to create an Account by logging in with Facebook, you authorize us to access and use certain Facebook account information, including but not limited to your public Facebook profile photographs, personal information, and Facebook friends (to display common friends with other Users). For more information regarding the information we collect from you and how we use it, please consult our Privacy Policy.
* _Your Account is only for you._ You may only access and use your Account in accordance with this Agreement and for your personal use to find and communicate with potential dating partners. You may not authorize others to access or use your Account, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer your Account to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that we are not responsible from any third party access to your Account, particularly any such access that results from theft or misappropriation of your Account or Facebook account’s login credentials. You agree to immediately notify Coffee Meets Bagel of any disclosure or unauthorized use of your login credentials at [\[email protected\]](https://coffeemeetsbagel.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#removed).
* _Accessing the Services from outside the United States._ Using the Service may be prohibited or restricted in certain countries. If you use the Service from outside of the United States, you are fully responsible for complying with the laws and regulations of the territory from which you access or use the Services.
* _You are responsible for any content you submit._ You are solely responsible for, and assume all liability regarding, any information and content you provide or otherwise make available on the Services, including without limitation text, images and video in your profile and in your communications with other Users (“User Content”).
* _No contact information in your profile_. You agree not to post any contact information such as your phone number and email address in the body of your profile.

##### 4\. Changes to Agreement or Services

We may update this Agreement at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we’ll let you know either by posting the updated Agreement on the Site and App or through other communications. It’s important that you review the Agreement whenever we update them or you use the Services. If you continue to use the Services after we have posted an updated Agreement, you are agreeing to be bound by the updated Agreement. If you don’t agree to be bound by the updated Agreement, then, except as otherwise provided in Section 19(f)“Effect of Changes on Arbitration,” you may not use the Services anymore. Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.

##### 5\. General Prohibitions

You agree not to do any of the following:

* Post, upload, or transmit any User Content that (i) is threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, false, misleading, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of offensively suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language or confidential, non-public information about any third party; (ii) is threatening, vulgar, offensive, or pornographic; promotes or threatens violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence; (iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (iv) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (v) infringes, misappropriates, or violates a third party’s trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, moral rights or other proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (vi) contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising or commercial communications (such as spam or multi-level marketing); (vii) impersonates any person or entity, including any Coffee Meets Bagel employees or representatives; or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances;
* Collect User Content, personally-identifiable information or any other information, or otherwise access the Services, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, scrapers, or other means);
* Advertise any product or service, including any engagement in multi-level marketing or “pyramid schemes” on the Services;
* Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services;
* Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing our trademarks, logos, URLs or product names without our express written consent;
* Use the Services, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by this Agreement;
* Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information;
* Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Services;
* Attempt in any way to obtain the login information of or otherwise access an Account belonging to someone else;
* Bully, intimidate, or harass any User;
* Use, display, mirror or frame the Services or any individual element within the Services, our name, any Coffee Meets Bagel trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without our express written consent;
* Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
* Engage in any activity or use any program that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or our set appearance of the Services, such as a denial of service attack, interference with page rendering, or using a program that interferes with other Services functionality; and
* Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.

Although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or to review or edit any User Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with this Agreement and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any part of the Services, including any User Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any of the foregoing to be objectionable or in violation of this Agreement. We have the right to investigate violations of this Agreement or conduct that affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities, including by sharing any User Content, as requested by law enforcement or as we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary to protect the safety or wellbeing of our Users or any other person.

##### 6\. Content Ownership

* _Your license to us of User Content_. By submitting any User Content, you (i) represent and warrant that you have all the appropriate rights and permission (including getting permission from others in photos you provide) to provide such User Content to us, and (ii) grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any such User Content in connection with operating and providing the Services to you and other Users, for marketing and internal research purposes, and for external research purposes (for external research, any information will be provided in anonymized and aggregated form). You also represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor any use of your User Content by us on or through the Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
* _Deleting your User Content_. You may delete your User Content via the functionality of the Services. However, you understand that removed User Content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).
* _Our ownership_. We do not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content. Subject to the foregoing, We and our licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge that the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.
* _Our license to you_. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, we grant to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download, view, and, display the content made available on the Services solely in connection with your permitted use of the Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.

#####  7. Feedback

We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by emailing us at [\[email protected\]](https://coffeemeetsbagel.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#removed)or via the functionality of the Services. You grant to us a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.

##### 8\. One-Time Payments and Subscriptions

Coffee Meets Bagel may offer from time to time certain premium services for a fee. You have the option of making a one-time payment (“One-Time Payment”) or purchasing a subscription (“Subscription”) for such premium services. By way of example, some of these premium services may include message read receipts, additional matches in a day, or profile picture appraisals.

* General. Whether you make a One-Time Payment or purchase a Subscription (each, a “Transaction”), you expressly authorize us (or our third-party payment processor, which may be the applicable App Store (defined below)) to charge you for such Transaction. We may ask you to supply additional information relevant to your Transaction, including your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card and your email and postal addresses for billing and notification (such information, “Payment Information”). You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use all payment method(s) represented by any such Payment Information. When you initiate a Transaction, you authorize us to provide your Payment Information to third parties so we can complete your Transaction and to charge your payment method for the type of Transaction you have selected (plus any applicable taxes and other charges). You may need to provide additional information to verify your identity before completing your Transaction (such information is included within the definition of Payment Information).
* Subscriptions. If you purchase a Subscription, you will be charged the Subscription fee, plus any applicable taxes, and other charges (“Subscription Fee”), at the beginning of your Subscription and each subscription period thereafter (the period of which is communicated to you at the time of your Subscription), at the then-current Subscription Fee. If you purchase a Subscription, unless you cancel your subscription before the end of your current Subscription period, your subscription will automatically renew, and we (or our third-party payment processor) will automatically charge you each year on the commencement of each renewed Subscription period, using the Payment Information you have provided. Your subscription will continue to automatically renew until you cancel your Subscription. By agreeing to this Agreement and electing to purchase a Subscription, you acknowledge that your Subscription has recurring payment features and you accept responsibility for all recurring payment obligations prior to cancellation of your Subscription by you or Coffee Meets Bagel. Your Subscription continues until cancelled by you or we terminate your access to or use of the Services or Subscription in accordance with this Agreement.
* Cancelling One-Time Payment or Subscription. Except as explicitly set forth in Section 20below, YOUR PURCHASE IS FINAL AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO CANCEL THE PURCHASE AND/OR RECEIVE A REFUND OF ANY ONE-TIME PAYMENT OR SUBSCRIPTION FEE AT ANY TIME. if something unexpected happens in the course of completing a Transaction, we reserve the right to cancel your Transaction for any reason; if we cancel your Transaction we’ll refund any payment you have already remitted to us for such Transaction. Without limiting the foregoing, you may cancel your Subscription at any time, but please note that such cancellation will be effective at the end of the then-current Subscription period. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH ABOVE, YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE A REFUND OF ANY PORTION OF ANY SUBSCRIPTION FEE PAID FOR ANY SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD AT THE TIME OF CANCELLATION. You will be responsible for all Subscription Fees (plus any applicable taxes and other charges) incurred for the then-current Subscription period. You may cancel your subscription via the functionality of the App Store or the App. If you cancel, your right to use the Subscription features of the Services will continue until the end of your then current subscription period and will then terminate without further charges.

##### 9\. Rights and Terms for Apps

* Rights in App Granted by Coffee Meets Bagel. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, Coffee Meets Bagel grants to you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download and install a copy of the App on a mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal non-commercial purposes. You may not copy the App, except for making a reasonable number of copies for backup or archival purposes. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you may not: (i) copy, modify or create derivative works based on the App; (ii) distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend or rent the App to any third party; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App; or (iv) make the functionality of the App available to multiple users through any means. Coffee Meets Bagel reserves all rights in and to the App not expressly granted to you under this Agreement.
* Accessing the App from App Store. Certain App Providers require us to pass one certain terms to you. The following terms apply to any App accessed through or downloaded from any app store or distribution platform (like the Apple App Store or Google Play) where the App may now or in the future be made available (each an “App Provider”). You acknowledge and agree that:
    * This Agreement is concluded between you and Coffee Meets Bagel, and not with the App Provider, and Coffee Meets Bagel (not the App Provider), is solely responsible for the App.
    * The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
    * In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the App Provider, and the App Provider will refund the purchase price for the App to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Coffee Meets Bagel.
    * The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App or your possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation.
    * In the event of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Coffee Meets Bagel will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.
    * The App Provider, and its subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement as related to your license to the App, and that, upon your acceptance of this Agreement, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as related to your license of the App against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
    * You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist-supporting country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
    * You must also comply with all applicable third party terms of service when using the App.

##### 10\. Risk Assumption and Precautions

You assume all risk when using the Services, including but not limited to all of the risks associated with any online or offline interactions with others, including dating. We are not responsible for the conduct of our Users or their compatibility in any capacity with you or other Users. You agree to take all necessary and appropriate precautions when sharing your personal information, communicating with other Users, and meeting other Users in person. You understand that we do not (except as described in this Agreement) conduct background checks, or verify the identity, profile pictures, or any other User Content. You are under no obligation to use the Services, continue to communicate with any User, or to match with or meet anyone from the Services.

##### 11\. No Guarantees

You understand that Coffee Meets Bagel does not guarantee you any matches, does not guarantee any number or frequency of matches, or the accuracy, availability, or other attributes of any User. You understand that Coffee Meets Bagel makes no guarantees about the Services, either explicit or implied, including your compatibility with any other User.

##### 12\. Reporting of Violations; General Contact Info.

If you discover any violation of the Agreement by others, please report it to us at [**\[email protected\]**](https://coffeemeetsbagel.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#removed). You may also use this address to contact us with any questions you may have about the Services.

##### 13\. Third Party Links

The Services (including the App) may contain links to third-party websites or resources. We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or resources.

##### 14\. Disclaimer of Warranty

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any Content.

##### 15\. Limitation of Liability

* NEITHER COFFEE MEETS BAGEL NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT COFFEE MEETS BAGEL OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
* IN NO EVENT WILL COFFEE MEETS BAGEL’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO COFFEE MEETS BAGEL FOR USE OF THE SERVICES OR FIFTY DOLLARS ($50), IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO COFFEE MEETS BAGEL, AS APPLICABLE.
* THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN COFFEE MEETS BAGEL AND YOU.

##### 16\. Indemnification

You will indemnify and hold harmless Coffee Meets Bagel and its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of the Services, (ii) your User Content, or (iii) your violation of this Agreement.

##### 17\. Termination

We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you. You may delete your Account, or put your Account on hold at any time by sending an email to us at [**\[email protected\]**](https://coffeemeetsbagel.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#removed) or via the functionality of the App; deleting your Account is your sole method of terminating this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, the following will survive Sections 3(d),6(c),7,14,15,16,18,19,21, and this sentence of Section 17.

##### 18\. Governing Law and Forum Choice

This Agreement and any action related thereto will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 19“Dispute Resolution,” the exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes (defined below) that you and Coffee Meets Bagel are not required to arbitrate will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and you and Coffee Meets Bagel each waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

##### 19\. Dispute Resolution

* Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes.We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services (collectively, “Disputes”) will be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding. You and Coffee Meets Bagel agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement, and that you and Coffee Meets Bagel are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.
* Exceptions and Opt-out. As limited exceptions to Section 19(a)above: (i) you may seek to resolve a Dispute in small claims court if it qualifies; and (ii) we each retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. In addition, you will retain the right to opt out of arbitration entirely and litigate any Dispute if you provide us with written notice of your desire to do so by email at [\[email protected\]](https://coffeemeetsbagel.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#removed)within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to this Agreement.
* Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified by this Agreement. The AAA Rules are available at [www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org/)or by calling 1-800-778-7879. A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules. The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at [www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_004175).
* If your claim is for U.S. $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video-conference hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.  If your claim exceeds U.S. $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you live, unless we both agree to a different location. The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement.
* Arbitration Costs. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. We’ll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and expenses if your Dispute is for less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous. If we prevail in arbitration we’ll pay all of our attorneys’ fees and costs and won’t seek to recover them from you. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.
* Class Action Waiver.  YOU AND COFFEE MEETS BAGEL AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, if the parties’ dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person’s claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.  If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution section shall be null and void.
* Effect of Changes on Arbitration.Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4“Changes to Agreement or Services” above, if Coffee Meets Bagel changes any of the terms of this Section 19“Dispute Resolution” after the date you first accepted this Agreement (or accepted any subsequent changes to this Agreement), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to [\[email protected\]](https://coffeemeetsbagel.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#removed)) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Coffee Meets Bagel’s email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Coffee Meets Bagel in accordance with the terms of this Section 19“Dispute Resolution” as of the date you first accepted this Agreement (or accepted any subsequent changes to this Agreement).
* Severability. With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 19(e)of this Agreement (“Class Action Waiver”), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction decides that any part of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement will still apply.

##### 20\. State-Specific Terms

* _If you live in certain states, you may cancel this agreement within 3 business days._

The following provisions are added to this Agreement for subscribers residing in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Ohio and Wisconsin:

You, the buyer, may cancel this Agreement, without penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the third business day following the original date of this contract, excluding Sundays and holidays. To cancel this Agreement, mail or deliver a signed and dated notice which states that you, the buyer, are canceling this Agreement, or words of similar effect. This notice shall be sent to:

Coffee Meets Bagel  
Attn: Cancellations  
391 Grove St.  
San Francisco, CA 94107  
(in addition, California and Ohio users may email us at contac[\[email protected\]](https://coffeemeetsbagel.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)).

Please include your Coffee Meets Bagel email address in any correspondence or your refund may be delayed. If you cancel, Coffee Meets Bagel will return, within ten days of the date on which you give notice of cancellation, any payments you have made. If you send or deliver the notice to cancel your subscription agreement within such three day period, we will refund the full amount of your subscription.

In the event that you die before the end of your subscription period, your estate shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your death. In the event that you become disabled (such that you are unable to use the Services) before the end of your subscription period, you shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your disability by providing the company notice at the same address as listed above.

* _California Users_

California Civil Code Section 1789.3 requires us to provide you with the following information: You may file grievances and complaints with the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210, or by email at [**\[email protected\]**](https://coffeemeetsbagel.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#removed).

##### 21\. General Terms

* Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Coffee Meets Bagel and you regarding the Services and Content, and this Agreement supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Coffee Meets Bagel and you regarding the Services and Content. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without Coffee Meets Bagel’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer this Agreement, without such consent, will be null. Coffee Meets Bagel may freely assign or transfer this Agreement without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
* Notices. Any notices or other communications provided by Coffee Meets Bagel under this Agreement, including those regarding modifications to this Agreement, will be given: (i) via email; or (ii) by posting to the Services. For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.
* Waiver of Rights. Coffee Meets Bagel’s failure to enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Coffee Meets Bagel. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under this Agreement will be without prejudice to its other remedies under this Agreement or otherwise.